Let' s summerize the rules of Rikiki: 

The game is subdibided in different moments: 

1) distribute each player 2 cards (we will start at number 2, since first round is purely based on luck)

2) Then we decide on a "trick-card" (this is also called l' atout-card)

3) Next is the bidding phase. Player 2 (that received it cards in second order) starts making his bidds. The option he has to bid from are ranged between 0 and 2 (2= maximum since this number is equal to the decksize). Also you can only make integer guesses, so 0,1 or 2. 

Every player thus makes it guess, until we reach the last player that needs to do its guess. In this case it is player 1 since we decided on an guessing in that direction. (2-3-4-1)
The last player to makes it guess, needs to respect a rule that it cannot give a prediction that would make the total sum of the bids equal to the deck-size. So if the predictions are: P2=0, P3=0, P4=1, P1 cannot be P1=1. 

4) After this all bids are stored for each player. 

5) Player 3 starts playing. The first card he playes defines the forced suit. This mean that if he plays a 4 of hearts, every player that plays after him will have to play heart if it has so in his deck. If not, it can play whatever other card. 

6) The player that wins the "pli" is  or the player that played the highest number from the forced suit unless another player played the trick card suit from which the player that played the highest trick card winss. 
Highness of cards is defined from low to high as follows:     
    2 (Two)
    3 (Three)
    4 (Four)
    5 (Five)
    6 (Six)
    7 (Seven)
    8 (Eight)
    9 (Nine)
    10 (Ten)
    J (Jack)
    Q (Queen)
    K (King)
    A (Ace)
    
7) If a player wins a pli, a pli is added to its pli-score. 

8) After all cards have been played (no player has a card remaining in its hand), we check if the wonned pli correspond to what the players had indicated. 
Lets assume the results are as follows:
P1: predicted=0, real=2  ==> uncorrect, so you lose the difference: -2 points
P2: predicted=0, real=0  ==> correct, you win: +5 points
P3: predicted=0, real=0  ==> correct, you win: +5 points
P4: predicted=1, real=0  ==> uncorrect, so you lose the difference: -1 points

9)Those scores are stored to the players profile. 

10)You start again the game by distributing the cards. Now distributing 3 cards to every player. 

---

11) You will continue this loop increasing until distributing 12 cards, at the end of the 11 rounds we count the points, the player with the most points won the game. 








AI-agent learning:
Define States:

    The cards in the agent's hand.
    The cards played in the current trick.
    The current bid.
    The atout card.
    The number of remaining cards in the deck.
    The bids made by other players.

Define Actions:

    In the bidding phase, actions could be the bid amount (ranging from 0 to the number of remaining cards in the deck).
    In the playing phase, actions could be the card to play.
















